
Today, I came home to find that my house had been broken into. After assessing 
the loss, I saw a taunting note on the fridge saying, "Locks work best when the
door's SHUT." My housekeeper had apparently left the door wide open. FML

Today, I woke up to my creepy new roommate licking my cheek. FML

Today, someone stole my card number and tried to use it. Every transaction got 
declined, not because the bank knew it was a fraudulent charge, but because I'm
so poor that he couldn't make even a single purchase. FML

Today, my boss brought her cat to work. At one point, I looked up and everyone 
was staring at me staring at the cat's asshole. FML

Today, a coworker at school yelled at one of our students to be quiet. The kid 
got pretty upset, so I went to comfort him. He held my hand for the rest of the
class, telling me in vivid detail how he was going to kill my coworker. Now I'm
afraid to look at him. FML

Today, I found my brother wearing nothing but underwear. That would have been 
okay if it weren't my lingerie. FML

Today, I moved into a new house, I couldn't help but notice a car alarm going 
off, so I investigated my neighbors. Turns out it's their bird. It imitates 
chainsaws, car alarms, and much more. FML

Today, while sitting in a crowded waiting room at the doctor's office, my 
5-year-old daughter pointed at my 6-year-old son's crotch and boomed, "MOM, WHY
DOES ANDY HAVE A FINGER DOWN THERE?" to which he yelled, "IT'S CALLED A COCK!" 
FML

Today, I fell asleep while my boyfriend and I were having sex. What's worse is 
that he didn't even notice. FML

Today, my alcoholism reached a new low when I found myself sitting on the 
toilet drinking a bottle of wine. FML

Today, my boyfriend sent me a nude picture. I would have been fine with it if 
he hadn't taken it in his ex-girlfriend's room. FML

Today, I texted a cute picture of my boyfriend and me to my mom, who lives very
far away. She replied saying that my Photoshop skills are great, but that I 
don't need to go so far to pretend that anyone would date me, and that there's 
no shame in being single at 25. FML

Today, my husband and I switched phones by accident. I've already received 
several naked pictures from one of his co-workers. FML

Today, I found out that my wife is fucking the guy who mows our lawn. My life 
is a shitty porno, and I'm not even in it. FML

Today, while despairing over having been rejected for my dream job, I received 
an email asking me to come back in for another interview. Then they called me 
to say they accidentally sent the email to all the applicants, and that they 
definitely aren't interested. FML

Today, I was standing in line at the grocery store waiting for my husband. 
After a while, I feel him kissing my neck, so I turn to tell him that it's not 
appropriate in public. It wasn't my husband. FML

Today, my non-English-speaking grandma bought me a new t-shirt. It would've 
been sweet if it didn't have the word "bondage" written on the back in pretty, 
bold letters. I had no choice but to wear it while we went shopping. FML

Today, I had an interview for my dream job. I spent all of last night 
preparing, researching the company, and making sure everything was perfect. My 
interview was for 8am. I woke up at 10:30 to an alarm that had not gone off. 
FML

Today, as I started my car, I heard the most horrific sounds coming from the 
engine. When I lifted the hood I realized I'd found my son's cat. FML

Today, I found my dad drunk, sitting on the bathroom floor crying. When I asked
him why, he said, "My son is gay." I'm his only child, and I'm a girl. FML

Today, I found out my roommate Skypes my friends on my laptop when I'm away. 
Not only that, he covers his face and shows them his junk. My friends no longer
answer Skype calls from me. FML

Today, for the first time in my life, I simultaneously sneezed, peed and 
farted. I was giving a presentation at work when this happened. FML

Today, I asked my girlfriend to marry me. She pretended like it never happened.
FML

Today, I walked in the bathroom to find my son cleaning his penis. It wouldn't 
have been so bad if he wasn't cleaning it with a toothbrush. FML

Today, it was the day of my wedding. I had a massive headache a couple of hours
before the ceremony so I decided to take a nap. I told my brother to wake me up
an hour before it started. He forgot. Now everyone thinks I ran out on my wife.
FML

Today, I work for YouTube, and a 10-hour video of Nyan Cat was flagged for 
pornography. I was assigned to watch the whole thing to verify. I only got to 3
hours so far. FML

Today, my little sister opened a lemonade stand in front of our house. 
Surprisingly, she actually had a lot of customers, all kids. Two hours or so 
later, some parents came back complaining and threatening to sue my family. 
Turns out that what we thought was lemonade was actually beer. FML

Today, I was home alone and heard the kitchen tap turn on. Shocked, I turned it
off. It continuously kept turning itself on so I set my video phone on it to 
find out the cause. My cat has learnt to turn it on. I later found said cat 
teaching another. I have three cats. All my taps are like this. FML

Today, I confessed to my boyfriend that I was in love with his best friend. He 
confessed that he was too. FML

Today, I asked my mom if I was ugly. She said, "Ask your girlfriend." I said I 
don't have one. She said "Exactly." FML

Today, I fell asleep on the beach while tanning. I was woken up by the flock of
seagulls eating the bread from my stomach. Why was bread on my stomach? Because
my little brother knows birds are my biggest fear. FML

Today, I had sex. The guy texted me an hour later, saying, "That was awkward. 
Let's not do that again." FML

Today, I spent five hours in the ER with my 75-year-old grandma. Why? Because 
she attacked an old lady and punched a nurse in the face, kicked him in the 
balls, and jumped on his back and choked him. She had five guards holding her 
down and is now convinced they are trying to kill her. FML

Today, I was getting my cat some canned food. Out of habit I licked the spoon 
after I had emptied the can only to realize too late what I had done. FML

Today, I was at an amusement park with my kids, when a girl in line next to us 
slipped a hand down her boyfriend's pants and started groping him. I politely 
asked her to stop, to which she snorted, "Why? Your kids've gotta learn the 
birds and bees somehow." FML

Today, I could hear my daughter playing with her Barbie dolls in her room. "Do 
you think your boss will agree to give you a raise?", she said. "Of course, we 
slept together!" My daughter is six. FML

Today, I was talking to my husband about our favorite TV show, when he took my 
face in his hands and sweetly whispered, "You're so pretty. Why must you ruin 
it with words?" FML

Today, I suggestively asked my boyfriend to take a shower with me. He got in, 
washed himself, and got out, ignoring me the whole time. FML

Today, I went on a new medicine. One of the listed side-effects was "anal 
seepage" and I spent the better part of the day laughing with my coworkers 
about how it's "not a real side-effect". I found out that it really is while 
stuck in bumper-to-bumper traffic on the way home. FML

Today, every time I write the word "analyst," I can't help but giggle because 
it begins with "anal." I'm 24, and studying to be a conflict analyst. FML

Today, my mom visited my new apartment for the first time. I was showing her 
the bedroom, when she looked into my opened sock drawer and said, "Using Durex,
eh? Yeah, you were born 'cause a Trojan split." FML

Today, I went to my high school reunion. Someone walked up to me and said, 
"Wow, you look so different!" She then followed it up with, "You used to be so 
pretty, what happened?" FML

Today, I did something I'd always wanted to do: I went swimming with dolphins. 
It was really fun, until I went to kiss the dolphin, and she slipped her tongue
half into my mouth. FML

Today, my non-English-speaking grandma bought me a new t-shirt. It would've 
been sweet if it didn't have the word "bondage" written on the back in pretty, 
bold letters. I had no choice but to wear it while we went shopping. FML
Today, I got caught masturbating, twice, by the same person. FML

Today, I summoned the courage to call my abusive mother-in-law about her 
non-payment of the money I stupidly lent her last year. She replied, "Why don't
you go deepthroat a cactus, then we'll talk about it, cunt." and then hung up 
on me. FML

Today, my ex won a writing competition. His story was inspired by our 
relationship. In it, I'm a serial killing prostitute. FML

Today, my dumbass colleague was too lazy to go buy balloons for a party in 
recognition of our company's huge merger. Instead, he made condom balloons. 
Let's just say you don't make blow up condoms for a prestigious company event. 
A company whose CEO is named Dick. FML

Today, my teenage daughter nearly burned down our house because she wanted to 
take "artsy" pictures with a lighter for Instagram. FML

Today, I watched as my somewhat drunk boyfriend proposed to my identical twin 
sister instead of me. She said yes, and my entire family cheered. FML

Today, I saw my ex husband walking with his very beautiful, very pregnant wife.
We divorced 7 months ago because he told me he was gay. FML

Today, my stalker ex girlfriend turned up at my wedding, uninvited, wearing a 
wedding dress. FML

A while back in my Environmental Science class we were talking about 
hurricanes. My teacher asked this really sIutty girl what some of the effects 
of hurricanes are, and she replied, "Well everything gets all wet and dirty." 
Suddenly the quietest guy in class looks up and goes, "Megan, no one asked 
about your weekend." Never have I laughed so hard in my life. MLIA

Today, I asked my father if he was proud that I have never done drugs, never 
drank alcohol, never had sex, never had psychological problems, never been to 
the hospital for something serious, never been in a fight and maintain good 
grades. He told me I was a boring daughter. FML

Today, my girlfriend and I were going at it doggy style, really fast, when she 
started laughing hysterically. I asked her what was so amusing and she giggled,
"I can't feel anything in there." FML

Today, I was in the shower, oblivious to the outside world, when four police 
officers who had apparently been banging at my door, entered by force. They 
were doing a bust on a weed farm and got the wrong house. FML

Today, because I refused to shave off what my wife calls my "pedo 'stache", she
painted "Free Candy" on the side of my van. FML

Today, my girlfriend and I attempted some bondage for the first time. Within 
seconds of the handcuffs being put on, I went into a serious panic attack. I 
was playing the dominant; my girlfriend was the one in cuffs. FML

Today, I was reading in my apartment. Due to a heatwave and my lack of AC, I 
was completely naked. My cat jumped onto my lap, and as her claws dug into my 
stomach, I recoiled. This caused her to retreat, clawing at my nether regions 
in the process. My pussy mauled my pussy. FML

Today, while taking my boyfriend's virginity, he started moaning, "Oh God! Oh 
God! Oh God!" He then started crying and praying. FML

Today, my step-brother said to me, "If we weren't related I would fuck you so 
hard." Mom says I should "be grateful for such a nice compliment." FML

Today, I went out and met somebody. We got talking and we both realized we are 
each the ideal romantic partner for the other. The only problem is we are both 
straight men. FML

Today, I went to the gynecologist, and a trainee examined me. He looked up from
between my legs, said "This is the hottest vagina I've ever seen", then winked 
at me. I'm scared. FML

Today, my girlfriend wanted to try something new in the bedroom, so she got an 
assortment of different sized cock rings. She laughed when the one we were 
trying to use kept falling off, and said to try a smaller one. It was the 
smallest in the set. FML

Today, my horse farted and scared itself, then ran all the way up the hill and 
wouldn't stop until I fell off. FML

Today, my dad walked in on me filming a Harlem Shake video. He stared for a 
moment, said "Son, I don't have a problem with homosexuals, but... nevermind." 
then shook his head and walked out. FML

Today, while relaxing in a chair in a shop, a man approached me and said, "You 
have no idea how many times I've farted in that chair." FML
Title: NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO says FML
Author: 
Date: Tue, 06 Aug 2013 01:42:24 +0400
Link: http://www.fmylife.com/miscellaneous/20822450

Today, I came home a little earlier than usual, only to walk in on my dad 
frantically trying to remove a ballgag from my mom's mouth. FML
Title: offuckingcourse says FML
Author: 
Date: Tue, 06 Aug 2013 09:07:20 +0400
Link: http://www.fmylife.com/work/20823157

Today, I went to my boss's dinner party. My sister, who also works with me, sat
across from me at the table. I felt her kick me so I kicked her back. Then I 
heard something start crying. It was the boss's baby crawling under the table. 
FML

Today, I woke up to my girlfriend grinning at me, her hand on my junk. I 
grinned back, then looked down and saw blood smeared all over her hand and my 
junk. After I started screaming and crying, she laughed hysterically and said 
it was fake blood. She recorded everything. FML

Today, I discovered that my wife named our kids after her former lovers. We 
have two sons and a daughter. FML

$ find . -maxdepth 1 -type d -exec sh -c "printf '{} ' ; find '{}' -type f -ls 
| wc -l" \;

For each directory from the current one, list the counts of files in each of 
these directories. Change the -maxdepth to drill down further through 
directories.

Today, my boyfriend and I had sex for the first time. We were really worried 
about the condom breakin. It didn't, but my boyfriend had to fish it out after 
it fell off inside of me. FML

$ ifconfig | egrep [0-9A-Za-z]{2}\(:[0-9A-Za-z]{2}\){5} | awk '{print $1 ":\t" 
$5}'

$ shuf -n4 /usr/share/dict/words | tr '\n' ' '

Today, I was trying to be sexy in the bathtub for my boyfriend. I leaned back 
and caught my hair on fire with the candle. FML

$ tree -ah --du . | ack '\[(\d{3,}M|\d+.*G)\]'

$ sudo netstat -tulpn | grep :8080


Today, I got the sex talk from my dad. It wouldn't have been so bad if he 
hadn't said "It's not the size of the stick, it's how you use it." I'm a girl. 
FML

Today, my 18-year-old daughter texted me and told me that she got in a car 
crash. She texted, "I forgot wich way wus left lol" and then quickly added 
"yolo right? Lol". FML

Today, I found a topless photo of my mother on my phone. Thanks, iCloud. FML

Today, I was washing up in a public bathroom, when I looked up for a second and
saw a kid in the mirror staring back at me. I gasped, as I thought the place 
had been empty. He whispered, "It's time to die." I screamed and ran out, only 
to hear him burst into hysterical laughter behind me. FML

Today, I finally talked my boyfriend into going down on me. Everything was 
going great, until I came and instinctively gripped his head with my thighs. He
panicked and we both rolled off of the bed crocodile-style. Now he's too scared
to even have sex with me. FML

Today, I was at Basic Training for the Army when I got a package in the mail 
from my friends back home. You are required to open your packages in front of 
your drill sergeants and peers at Basic. When I opened it, it was a dildo. FML
Title: Anonymous says FML
Author: 
Date: Tue, 13 Aug 2013 06:54:30 +0400
Link: http://www.fmylife.com/miscellaneous/20834558

Today, I received a phone call that started with, "Now stay calm... Your house 
is on fire." FML
Title: miss_lori says FML
Author: 
Date: Fri, 09 Aug 2013 09:36:59 +0400
Link: http://www.fmylife.com/love/20828480

Today, I found out my husband selected our wedding music from a porn video. FML
Title: Anonymous says FML
Author: 
Date: Sun, 23 Mar 2014 20:59:16 +0400
Link: http://www.fmylife.com/miscellaneous/21094283

Today, my non-English-speaking grandma bought me a new t-shirt. It would've 
been sweet if it didn't have the word "bondage" written on the back in pretty, 
bold letters. I had no choice but to wear it while we went shopping. FML
